w-11802284-add values to the target parameter. (#2344)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/mmp-deploy-to-cloudhub-2.adoc

</scopeLoggingConfigurations>
----
| No

> | `target` | The CloudHub 2.0 target name to deploy the app. + 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `target` | The CloudHub 2.0 target name to deploy the app to. + 
```

> | `target` | The CloudHub 2.0 target name where to deploy the app. + 

Reviewer: The CloudHub 2.0 target name to deploy the app to. 
or 
The CloudHub 2.0 target name to which to deploy the app to.

> | `target` | The CloudHub 2.0 target name where to deploy the app. + 

Author: ```suggestion
| `target` | The CloudHub 2.0 target name to deploy the app. + 
```

> Specify either a Shared space or a Private space available in your Deployment Target values in CloudHub 2.0. See xref:cloudhub-2::ch2-features[Features of CloudHub 2.0] for a detail description on Shares and Private spaces. | Yes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select either a shared space or a private space from your Deployment Target values in CloudHub 2.0. See xref:cloudhub-2::ch2-features[Features of CloudHub 2.0] for a detail description of shared and private spaces. | Yes
```
